alright this is gonna be my TLC 2012
view I am losing my voice a little bit
so pardon me if I cough up the storm
here but this pay-per-view was a lot
better than I thought it would be going
into it I was expecting just WWE to
really put on a show to really tie them
over until January which is where the
rock will face CM Punk but they did do
stuff that I thought were was really
good and put on matches the head I
didn't really expect so first the the
tag match was was okay you know the
tables thing on their kind of led people
to believe you know one thing or another
I kind of had a feeling that the road
scholars we're gonna win considering
that Cody Rhodes just came back and
having those two together I think is
what they really want to do I wouldn't
be surprised if they went at the next
day of you is I think now it's Kane and
Daniel Bryan are gonna go more higher up
dealing with the shield and they don't
really need the tag titles so memorable
thing in this match I would say is the
Sin Cara one for the springboard and
then you got pushed through the table
that was of course the ending spot so
your number one contender's team Rhodes
Scholars and then Antonio Cesaro vs.
r-truth something about these guys don't
click to me I think it's more I don't
know it's Claudia or Antonio Cesaro he's
a great wrestler all-around good good
wrestler you seen him have great matches
with um Justin Gabriel Kofi Kingston but
with our truth is it's just not there
and I saw her on Twitter r-truth cut his
knee pretty badly i didn't i didn't see
this match for what it was but I did
catch glances of it and you know just
just very very average match nothing
really to talk about in there but Cesaro
one that's all that matters and Miz TV
kind of stupid if I burn pretty long as
well this is pretty much like a whole
match they kind of did the whole Del Rio
face turn and then I thought they would
personally bring Christian back but
since they aren't Brooklyn it's might as
well bring the Brooklyn brawler in for a
later six million taken three mb
a white bear vs Kofi Kingston I
personally like this match a lot a lot
of good near falls and I thought both
guys really did just did an incredible
job I really really enjoyed this match
for what it was and Kofi Kingston one
with trouble in paradise after Barrett
missed his Vulcan elbow or whatever it's
called and CM Punk promo pretty much
same old CM Punk from WC every week you
know three hundred and whatever days
this the rock this I'm better than you
this he has a new shirt that says faces
knees to faces and where the captain
science the CM Punk and cool shirt kind
of throwback from his original best in
the world and then the rock shirt throw
it together you get that I'm sure it'll
be a good seller until he loses the belt
in January and then we had the greatest
match I think Doug w put on in quite
some time very very unexpected
considering that there was a debut match
for the shield the bride back was in the
match Kane and Daniel Bryan were doing
whatever but there was so much carnage
so much too I can't even go play by play
on what it was but there was so much
going on in this match and so much good
good stuff going on and kept you hooked
throughout the whole thing every chair
shot every table spot every ladders
fought you were watching it and these
guys beat the hell out of each other and
they're going to be sore in the morning
especially Seth Rollins he took a really
really nasty bump from a huge ladder
through a whole bunch of tables and you
saw the side of his head clipped the
edge of one table and very very
impressive showing by all three guys all
six guys did incredible and Ryback I
think whoever was King I think you said
like he's still standing and he was
falling Ryback look I can go another
round he's breathing a little heavy but
like he I was expecting him to be
completely out of it and Kane was kind
of the you I don't want to say like he
was kind of the guy who's got dragged
along the ride he didn't really do too
too much but he he was buried through
to under a bunch of stuff do it the
whole match most of the match that I'd
say good three quarters or a quarter of
it he was out of action but the shield
did win after a huge it was like a I
don't even know what they called it
where the team Bubba ray and Devon yinz
to powerbomb through a table that's what
they did but it was a very good match i
highly recommend anyone who hadn't seen
it go watch that because it was that
good and then what could we have no the
Divas title it was a Divas match after a
good match how do you think it went it
went very bad and the chairs match um I
was really expecting more out of this
match but there was a couple good spots
where Sheamus gave Big Show the white
noise through like a chair thing and the
ending with Big Show bringing out that
huge gigantic chair was a weird it was
huge it was like even in Big Show Kane
to look huge and then just clumped
Sheamus in the back and then still
champion 3mb versus Del Rio ms and
Brooklyn brawler by far the most random
three pairing I've ever seen got ms who
sucks Del Rio who's like who all of a
sudden a good guy knew and then the
Brooklyn brawler oh I don't know where
to start it's uh it was just a filler
match I don't even know why I was here
but just imagine could have I'm sure
they're not gonna be in brooklyn
tomorrow but have brawler that little
defining moment of his career explain
much that what it was he got the Boston
Crab on when the win the main event oh
boy Ziggler was huge usually over card
is great the whole night by the way and
they went back and forth good spots here
and there Cena showing incredible
strength of ladder he picked up the
ladder and Ziggler on top of the ladder
so I was leased to go 300 pounds no ish
and the ending came when AJ came out
Cena's climbing the ladder after AJ
betta Vicki she's skipping around and I
saw everyone
saw it coming along this girl is gonna
throw seen off the ladder and that's
exactly what she did and crowd went nuts
and Ziggler climbed to water end of the
match it was good although the storyline
is going to continue its it's um a good
twist I would have heard of liked if AJ
was kind of incahoots a Ziggler the
whole time if she kind of jumped into
his arms which kind of leads to another
twist now it's like Vicki and Dolph and
then AJ in that kind of three triangle
and then scene is kind of looking from
the outside now that's what i would have
liked considering this favorite story
lines should as it is but i think that
would have been a good swear for it but
Ziggler's still money in the bank i see
him cashing it in soon and then losing
it and i don't think he'll go to
Wrestlemania I think he might do it
after meany if he does but it's either
he's gonna cash like now and lose it
before mania or he's gonna cash after
Nene I don't think he's gonna have
nothing to do with the main event
program I rest me 29 but that's all
that's a review it was a good show I can
highly recommend everyone go and watch
the shield vs ryback Kane and Daniel
Bryan and i'll see you guys in the next
video